This is William Hall, sung by Lily Williams.
I will tell you of a brisky young farmer who has lately gone to the sea.
He collected a handsome lady who lived in Deathsnow Town.
If they were angry and they'd say, we will send them far across the ocean, where his face will never be seen.
He roamed and he roamed the ocean over, until he came to his nature.
If Molly was alive and I could find her, I would make her a loveful wife.
Early, early in the morning,
As he was walking down the street.
Oh, drops of rain fell just as it happened.
For the chance of his true love for me.
Good morning, good morning, you pretty fair lady.
Oh, would you choose to fancy me?
Oh, no, I can't see a brisky farmer.
Who has lately gone to the sea?
Oh, describe him.
Oh, describe him to me.
Perhaps I'd see a sword go through him as I've lately crossed the sea.
Oh, yes, I saw him and I knew him.
In his name was William's heart, and I saw that Lord go through him, and in death I saw him shout, that he was created yesterday.
I know, good Lord, what shall I do?
Oh, now we have hearted, broken hearted.
Now, good Lord, what shall I do?
Chub, chub, chub, chub, chub, chub, chub, chub.
And now to convince you of a story.
Here's the rain that you gave me.
Ah.